
What would you like your nickname to be?
If you were a nationality other than your own which would you choose? Why?
What two television channels do you watch most frequently?
What do Martians do for fun on Mars?
If Satan lived on earth, what would he be called by his friends?
If you could change one thing about the way you look what would it be?
What is the longest work you can think of?
If you owned an enormous yacht, what would you name it?
What American presidents do you know the most and the least about?
What is the dirtiest word in the english language?
What commercial product would you refuse to endorse?
What is the longest period of time you have spent in a car?
What do you regard as the most repulsive form of music?
Fill in the blank: When I dance, I look like ___________ .
What is the worst occupation in the world?
Where is the worst place you've ever been stuck waiting?
What is the biggest indication that someone is a nerd?
What is the grossest thing you've ever done in public?
What is your favorite part of the human body?
Who is one person you wish you never met?
If you were running for mayor of boston what words would comprise your slogan (max. 6 words)?
If you were to treat yourself to the "finer things" what would you treat yourself to?
What american city does not deserve a place on the map? Why?
What is the scariest movie you've ever seen?
What's the biggest advantage of being really tall?
What is your favorite movie line?
Other than the standard items (credit cards, money, drivers license, etc.), what interesting items do you keep in your wallet/purse?
What three adjectives best describe you?
What is the best purchase you've ever made?
What is your "15 minutes" of fame?
If you talking your sleep, what would you say?
What do you need more of right now?
What hobby have you always wanted to pick up?
What is the best costume you ever wore for halloween?
What song reminds you most of the 80s?
On a scale of 1 to 10 how "hip"Ę±÷Ö are you?
What beverage do you find nauseating?
What store is represented most in your wardrobe?
What is the worst grade you ever recieved? What class was it for?
What song do you keep hearing over and over and over again?
What is your favorite book growing up?
If you could bathe in a vat of any drink or food item, what would you choose?
What do you consider your nicest feature?
IF you were an evil dictator, where would you rule?
If you were on a desert island what two books would you want with you?
What latest trend simply baffles you?
What's the best advice you're ever recieved?
If you could add any word to the dictionary what would it be?
If you were to wipe one country off the map, which would you choose?
What is the most common compliment people give you?
Approximately how many jokes do you know by heart? and tell us your favorite.
What is your greatest addiction?
What is the most beautiful word you can think of?
What word best describes your internet knowledge?
If your life was being turned into a feature length movie, who would play you? And why?
What event or technological breakthrough do you think will revolutionize the future?
Give three adjectives to describe the perfect kiss?
If you could be a famous actor, writer, athlete, artist or musician, which would you choose and why?
What song reminds you most of a past or present relationship?
Who has the worst name that you know?
What celebrityĂűČËirritates·ßĹ­you the most?
If you were a teacher would subject would you teach?
What is the meanest thing you can say to somebody?
What is the first thing you do when you get out of bed?
What have you tried in life and simply were not good at?
What is you life long dream?
What are you most proud of?
How many keys do you have on your key ring?
What is the first thing you notice when you meet someone?
What is the worst piece of clothing someone can wear?
Approximately, how many books have you read in the past year (excluding school book)?
What is it about you that people find irresistable?
If you were given a canvas and water colors, what would you paint?
If you were any animal, what would you be?
If you were flying in a plane that was about to creash, who would you want sitting next to you?
What age were you when you had your most embarassing hair style? And what was it?
What one object in your home are you most embarrassed about owning?
How many minutes does it take you to get ready in the morning?
If you could be a member of a tv sitcom Á¬Đřľç family, which would it be?
If you were invisable where would you go?
If you could ask the president of China one question, what would it be?
What is your greatest phobiażÖľĺ?
