A Bakery - Some bakers start work at 3:00 in the morning, so breads and donuts are fresh for breakfast. 
A Broken Leg - I was riding my bike when I hit this big rock . . . 
A Cookbook - The best ones include favorite family recipes.
A Crown - A crown is a symbol of royalty.
A Desert - Hot, dry and sandy. 
A Dollar - Spend it wisely!
A Funeral - A ceremony held to honor a person who has died. 
A Leaky Boat - Time to bail out.
A Log Cabin - Just cut down a few trees and make a house.
A Mermaid - An imaginary creature with the upper body of a woman and the tail of a fish.
A Microwave Oven - You'll have popcorn in two minutes.
A Movie Theater - When you want a REALLY big screen.
A Mummy - In Egypt there are mummies that are over 3,000 years old.
A Parade - I love a parade.
A Piano - A piano is a percussion instrument, like a drum or cymbal.
A Prince - Some are real, but most are just in fairy tales.
A Princess - Some are real, but most are just in fairy tales.
A Refrigerator - First stop after school.
A School Dance - No chicken dance or hokey-pokey! 
A Submarine - It's a sandwich shaped like a boat.or a boat shaped like a sandwich.
A Swimming Pool - No diving in the shallow end. 
A Volcano - Hot lava! 
Abraham Lincoln - President of the U.S. during the Civil War. He was called "Honest Abe." 
Actors - If they're really good, you can't tell they're acting.
Actresses - "Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou." Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare.
Africa - The continent located between the Atlantic Ocean and Indian Ocean. 
Airplane - The Wright Brothers were "wright" when they added power to a glider in order to make it fly.
Alaska - The 49th state. It's the home of Mount McKinley.
Aliens - They're not from around here! 
Alligators - Large reptiles with strong jaws and long tails. Their skins are made into shoes and purses. 
Artists - So creative! 
Astronauts - It's a great day for a space walk!
Baby Food - Strained peas and mushy meat. Doesn't that sound good? 
Backyards - Your playground at home! 
Bacon - Meat from a pig, flavored with salt and smoke. Oink! 
Bald Eagles - They're not really bald. The white feathers on their heads make them look that way. 
Ballerinas - It takes years of training before a ballerina can dance in toe shoes. 
Band-Aids - Available in lots of colors and shapes. A fun way to cover cuts and scrapes. 
Barbershops - It's a beauty shop for guys.
Baseball Fields - It's 90 feet from home plate to first base. But it seems longer when you're trying to reach it!
Baseball Games - "One, two, three strikes, YOU'RE OUT!" 
Basketball - Some basketball players are over seven feet tall. 
Beach Balls - Blow them up and watch them blow away! 
Bee Stings - Leave the bees alone- and they'll leave you alone.
Beef Stew - Meat, potatoes, carrots, onions...
Belt Buckles - Cowboys like them fancy and pilgrims like them plain.
Big Dogs - An adult Saint Bernard weighs over 170 pounds. 
Bingo - Get five in a row. BINGO!
Black Cats - They're not really bad luck!
Blood - Blood carries oxygen and nutrients throughout the body.
Blueberries - Blueberries will stain your teeth. Smile! 
Bowling - A game played by rolling a heavy ball so that it knocks down wooden pins. A perfect score is 300. 
Boy Scouts - On my honor, I will do my best... and learn to camp.
Boyfriends - We're just friends!
Braces - No more gum, no caramels, no corn on the cob. 
Brains - It's all in your head. 
Brothers - Oh, brother! 
Bruises - The dark color of a bruise is caused by broken blood vessels under the skin.
Brushing Your Teeth - Oh! What's that gunk stuck on your teeth? 
Bubble Bath - Just add water!
Bubble Gum - Chewing is easy, blowing bubbles is hard, getting it out of your hair is even harder. 
Buffalo - A large animal with a big, shaggy head and a hump on its back, native to North America. 
Bullfighting - A traditional sport in some Spanish speaking countries.
Bunk Beds - Two single beds, one on top of the other. I want the top! 
Burned Toast - Want some burned bacon with that? 
Bus Drivers - Don't bother the bus driver. 
Butter - What's better than butter? 
Butterflies - Butterflies flutter by. 
Buzz Lightyear - The animated star of Toy Story. "To infinity and beyond!"
CD Players - Your portable, personal stereo system.
Camels - One hump or two?
Cameras - "And this is a picture from our summer vacation..."
Campfire - S'mores and songs. Gather 'round!
Camping - Shhh! Did you hear that noise? 
Canada - Largest country in North America. Canada is located north of the U.S. 
Candy Corn - It may be corn but it's not a vegetable. 
Canoes - Light, narrow boats. Don't stand up! 
Car Crash - Always wear your seatbelt. 
Card Games - "Apples to Apples" might be fun! 
Carpenters - Hammering and sawing- it's just wood work.
Carrots - Bugs Bunny's favorite food. 
Castles - Some have towers, dungeons and moats. 
Catsup - Catsup is made from tomatoes, onions, sugar, and spices.
Cattle Ranch - Home on the range.
Caves - Dark and cool, and sometimes home to bats. 
Cavities - But I did brush my teeth!
Cell Phones - Call home if you're going to be late.
Charlotte's Web - Award-winning book by E.B. White featuring Charlotte the spider, and a pig named Wilbur.
Cheerleaders - "Go, Team, Go!" 
Cheese Sandwich - Two pieces of bread and a slice of cheese. Grill it, if you want. 
Cherries - And a cherry on top!
Chewing Your Fingernails - Hungry?
Chicken Nuggets - Bite-sized pieces of fried chicken. Finger food!
Chicken Pox - An illness that comes with a fever and itchy red bumps. Don't scratch! 
China - There are over one billion people living in the People's Republic of China.
Chocolate Milk - Good for you and tastes good too! 
Chopsticks - A pair of small, slender sticks used for eating. Just try eating peas.
Churches - "Here is the church, and here is the steeple..."
Clay - The oven where pottery is hardened is called a kiln. 
Climbing A Ladder - Don't look down! 
Climbing A Tree - Don't go out on a limb!
Clouds - I see an elephant! And that one looks like a rabbit. 
Coffee - Two-thirds of the world's coffee beans are grown in Central and Southern America. 
Collection Shells - She sells seashells by the seashore. 
Computers - Great for games, homework, and e-mail. 
Cookies - Chocolate chip, oatmeal, sugar or peanut butter. 
Cooking Dinner - What's for dinner? 
Coral Reef - Composed of the skeletons of marine organisms. Home to lots of tropical fish.
Corn Flakes - Eat them fast or they'll get soggy. 
Crying - "Don't cry over spilled milk." 
Cupcakes - Small cakes, the size of a cup. 
Cutting The Grass - Why cut it? It just grows back.
Dance Class - Step, turn, hop, hop, kick...
Dark Alleys - I thought you brought the good flashlight!
Dead Fish - Floating in the water, washed up on shore, or at a fish market. 
Dictionaries - Let me look that up!
Dirt - Good in the garden. 
Dirty Dishes - That's why they make paper plates!
Doctors - Stick out your tongue and say aaaaah! 
Dog Food - I like the chewy kind.
Dolphins - Dolphins are mammals that live in the sea, and Sea World.
Donuts - In 1993, a doughnut weighing over 3,700 pounds was made in Utica, N.Y.
Doorbells - Would someone please answer the door? 
Driving A Car - In most states, you have to be 16 years old to drive a car. 
Dump Trucks - Large trucks that carry dirt, sand, and rocks. 
Early Morning - "The early bird gets the worm!"
Ears - What?
Eating Breakfast - It's always breakfast time at a truck stop. 
Egg Rolls - Crunchy rolls filled with vegetables and meat. Available at Chinese restaurants. 
Eggs - Birds, fish, snakes and insects all lay eggs. 
Elevators - The 110-story Sears Tower in Chicago has 104 elevators.
Elmo - A little, red, fuzzy guy from Sesame Street. Tickle me! 
Erasers - Because everybody makes mistakes.
Eyes - Flies have five eyes. 
Factories - Oompa-Loompa! Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory!
Fairies - Tiny storybook characters with wings and magic powers. 
Farmers - There's a farmer in the dell. 
Feathers - Feathers protect a bird's skin, keep them warm, and help them fly. 
Flags - There are fifty stars and thirteen stripes on the flag of the United States of America. 
Flashlights - Good for camping and reading under the covers. 
Flies - A group of insects with wings. They enjoy picnics. 
Flip-Flops - It's the sound they make when you walk.
Floods - Heavy rains and melting snow can cause floods. 
Flour - Flour is made by grinding wheat and other grains.
Flower Gardens - No weeds allowed.
Football - It's a ball AND a game. 
Forest Fires - Lightning can start forest fires. 
Fortune Teller - "My crystal ball says ..."
Freckles - The more the merrier!
French Fries - In Europe, French fries are usually eaten with a fork. 
Frogs - Some frogs can jump 20 feet. 
Frozen Peas - Right under the frozen pizza.
GI Joe - He's an "action figure," not a "doll."
Garages - Little houses for cars.
Garbage Cans - A restaurant for raccoons. 
Gas Stations - How far to the next gas station? 
Getting A Haircut - It will always grow back. 
Getting A Shot - It's better than getting sick! 
Getting Head Lice - Tiny insects that live on the human scalp. Millions of children get head lice each year.
Getting Lost - Now, where did they go? 
Getting Stitches - Now they can sew you up or glue you back together.
Getting The Flu - Stay home, drink juice and watch TV.
Ghosts - A pale, shadowy form, and a favorite Halloween costume. 
Girl Scouts - I will do my best to be honest and fair, friendly and helpful... and sell lots of cookies.
Girlfriends - We're just friends!
Glass - Glass is made by melting sand with potash or other chemicals. 
Globes - The world at your fingertips.
Goats - Goats have short horns and beards. They'll eat anything. 
Going On A Safari - Don't feed the lions!
Going On Vacation - Pack your bags!
Going To School - The easiest way to get an education. 
Gorillas - Large, strong members of the monkey family. Gorillas come from Africa. 
Grape Jelly - It's perfect for peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. 
Grapefruit - Not a grape, but it is a fruit.
Gravy - Sauce made from meat juices. Got to have it on mashed potatoes. 
Green Beans - Long, thin beans that you can eat raw or cooked. 
Guitars - ROCK AND ROLL!
Gymnastics - Tucks, vaults and handsprings- it's harder than it looks.
Halloween - The October 31st celebration featuring costumes, treats, and other spooky stuff.
Ham Sandwhich - Ham is pork. Pork is pig. It's a pig sandwich!
Hamburgers - Do you want fries with that? 
Hammerhead Sharks - The name for these sharks comes from the unusual shape of their heads.
Hammers - "I'd rather be a hammer than a nail." 
Hamsters - These little rodents store food in their cheeks.
Harry Potter - The hero in a series of books by J.K. Rowling featuring wizards and muggles. 
Haunted House - If there's a ghost- it's haunted!
Having A Party - Invitations, snacks, games, music... it's a party!
Helicopters - The spinning blades keep the helicopter in the air- somehow.
Hiding Places - It's a secret. 
High Heels - No running.
High School - Most students start high school when they are fourteen. 
Hiking In The Woods - It's an adventure. 
Hippopotamus - Hippos are also called "river horses" and only eat plants.
Hitting A Home-Run - Going... going... CRASH... through the neighbor's window!
Hockey - Skate! Pass! Score! 
Honey - A sweet, thick, gold liquid made by bees. 
Hopscotch - All you need is a sidewalk, chalk, and a rock.
Horses - Black Beauty, the Black Stallion, and Flicka are famous horses in literature. 
Hospitals - The ambulance is the fastest way to get there. 
Hot Tubs - Of course it's hot- it's a hot tub!
Hunters - Wolves, hawks, owls, and people all hunt for food. 
Ice - Good for drinks in the summer and skating in the winter. 
In The Attic - Old clothes, old toys, old furniture, and more old stuff.
Inchworm - An inchworm is actually a small, hairless caterpillar.
Jelly Beans - Jelly beans are now available in 50 different flavors!
Juggling - Start with two and see how you do. 
Kickball - You'll get a kick out of it!
Kindergarten - "A, B, C, D, E, F, G... Won't you sing along with me?"
Kisses - Chocolate kisses are the best! 
Learning Spanish - Who knows, maybe you'll need it someday.
Learning To Ski - Put on the ski boots, then the skis, then get up to the top of the hill...
Lego Building Blocks - Get more blocks! We're building the Golden Gate Bridge.
Legs - People have them, animals have them, even tables have them.
Lemonade - Needs more sugar!
Life Jackets - It won't work if you don't wear it!
Listening To Music - Nobody's home... play it loud!
Little Brown Mice - EEEK!
Lizards - The Komodo dragon is the largest living lizard. They can grow to over ten feet long. 
Llamas - South American animal related to the camel, raised for wool, and used as pack animals. 
Lobsters - Their large claws are actually their front pair of legs.
Long Hair - Braid it, tie it in a ponytail, or just let it fly in the wind. 
Losing Your Backpack - "I know I had it on the bus..."
Love Letters - "Roses are red, violets are blue..."
Magic Tricks - Now you see it, now you don't! 
Martin Luther King, Jr. - He believed that everyone should have equal rights, regardless of the color of their skin. 
Mary-Kate And Ashley - The Olsen twins have been TV stars since the 1980s. They also have books and videos. 
Mashed Potatoes - Pile them up like a volcano and put butter in the middle. 
Math - Add, subtract, multiply and divide- or use a calculator! 
McDonald's - At a McDonald's restaurant in Mexico you can order a "hamburguesa."
Meatballs - Like meatloaf, only smaller. 
Mexico - Country in North America, just south of the United States. Spanish is spoken in Mexico. 
Midnight - Cinderella's curfew.
Milking A Cow - They have machines for that now.
Miniature Golf - You don't have to be miniature to play!
Monkeys - Monkeys are playful, intelligent mammals. They just monkey around!
Mosquito Bites - They just want your blood.
Motorcycles - Feel the wind in your hair! Or... feel the wind on your helmet!
Mountain Bikes - What goes up the mountain must come down.
Mr. Potato Head - Mr. Potato Head was introduced in 1952. By now, that would be Grandpa Potato Head.
Mud - Soft, wet, sticky, gooey, gritty, grimy dirt. 
Muffins - "Do you know the Muffin Man?"
Mushrooms - It's a fungus.
Music - Pick your favorite: country, pop, rock, rap, hip hop, jazz, or classical. 
Music Lessons - Practice, practice, practice. 
Mustard - Made from seeds of the mustard plant. Spread on pretzels and hotdogs. 
My Baby Blanket - I don't care if it does have holes!
My Best Friend - A person you can trust, no matter what.
My Family - Everyone's family is different. 
My Friends - To have good friends, you have to be one. 
My School - "Be true to your school." 
My Stuffed Animals - The dog's name is Lucky, the bear is Teddy, and the duck is Quacker.
My Town - Large or small, it's home.
Nail Polish - Whatever color you want.
Neighbors - Turn down that music!
New York City - America's largest city, known for the Statue of Liberty. 
Niagara Falls - The 2nd largest waterfall in the world, located on the United States border with Canada. 
Noodles - Most noodles are made with flour, water and eggs, but some contain seaweed or spinach. 
North Pole - The northern most point on the earth, but you're not going to find a pole there. 
Octopus - A sea animal with a soft, round body and eight long arms, called tentacles. 
On The Roof - Come down this instant!
Orange Juice - Sunshine in a glass!
Pacific Ocean - The Pacific is the largest, and deepest, ocean on Earth.
Painting A Fence - A good way to earn some money. 
Pancakes - Some people call them flapjacks. 
Panda Bears - In China they're called "Xiongmao" which means giant cat bear. 
Paper Route - It's a job.
Parachutes - Put this on your back, jump out of the plane, and pull the cord. Ready?
Peaches - Fuzzy fruit. 
Peacocks - The show-offs of the bird world.
Peanuts - Peanuts are really a seed, not a pea or a nut. 
Pearl Earrings - A good gift for Mother's Day!
Pencils - Three-fourths of all pencils made in the United States are yellow. 
Pennies - Heads or tails? 
Peppers - Sweet and crunchy, or hot and spicy! 
Perfume - What's that smell?
Pickles - Dill or sweet?
Pierced Ears - Mom, when can I get my ears pierced? 
Pigs - Raised for their meat, including ham and bacon. 
Pillow Fights - He started it!
Pillows - Pillow fight! 
Pilots - "Welcome aboard. Today we'll be flying at 30,000 feet."
Pimples - Just in time for school pictures.
Pine Cones - Pine cones from Eastern White Pines can grow to eight inches in length. 
Pineapples - Shaped like a football, tastes like a fruit.
Pinocchio - Pinocchio was a wooden puppet who came to life. His nose grew each time he told a lie.
Pi鎙tas - Papier-m歊h?animals filled with candy and whacked with a stick.
Planting Flowers - "April showers bring May flowers." 
Pluto - The ninth planet in the Solar System, or Mickey Mouse's dog.
Poison Ivy - Contact with the leaves of this plant can cause a serious, itchy rash.
Pokemon - A video game, card game and television show. I like Pikachu.
Potato Chips - Plain, sour cream and onion, ranch, or barbecue chips. 
Power Drills - Carpenters use them, and so do dentists.
Power Rangers - A television series about a group of teens fighting evil space aliens.
Pretzels - Pretzels were first made in Germany. Available straight, twisted, or knotted.
Pumpkins - Bake it or carve it. Pumpkins are actually a fruit! 
Puppets - Finger puppets, hand puppets and string puppets. Kermit the Frog is a rod puppet. 
Race Car Drivers - Start your engines!
Radios - In the 1940s, before television, families gathered together to listen to the radio. 
Rain - "Rain, rain, go away, come again another day." 
Rain Forests - There is heavy rainfall throughout the year and lots of bugs.
Rainbows - There are seven colors in a rainbow: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet. 
Raisins - They're just dried grapes.
Raking Leaves - Maybe they'll all just blow away!
Ramona - Main character in Beverly Cleary's "Ramona the Pest" and other books in the series. 
Rap Music - Rap is a popular form of music with a strong beat and rhyming lyrics.
Red Roses - Red roses are a symbol of love. 
Restaurants - It's good to try new things!
Rice - A grain grown for food. Rice can be white, brown or black. 
Riding A Scooter - Where are the brakes?
Robots - They should make a robot that does homework. 
Rock Candy - Large, clear sugar crystals- rock hard!
Rock Concerts - Not on a school night!
Rock Stars - Even the guys wear make-up!
Rocking Chairs - Rock-a-bye baby. 
Rocks - Rock collectors are sometimes called rockhounds. 
Roller Coaster - Roller coaster cars can go more than 70 miles per hour. 
Rollerblading - Faster than walking. 
Roosters - The barnyard alarm clock.
Running In A Race - A marathon is a 26 mile race. 
Sailors - Get seasick? Don't become a sailor.
Salads - Fruit salads, pasta salads, potato salads, and lettuce salads. 
Salt - In ancient times salt was valuable. In fact, it was used as money. 
Sand - The desert, the dunes, the beach, and in your shoes. 
Sand Castles - No dogs allowed.
School Lunch - Hot lunch, cold lunch, or bring your own lunch. 
School Pictures - How do I look?
Science Experiments - Your science experiment? I thought it was dinner!
Science Tests - Multiple choice or essay.
Scientists - Scientists study astronomy, biology, chemistry, geology, and other stuff. 
Scooby-Doo - TV cartoon dog who helps solve crimes. "Scooby-Doo, where are you?" 
Sharp Knives - Found in kitchen drawers, tackle boxes and butcher shops.
Ships - Battleships, cruise ships, freighters, and oil tankers. 
Shoplifting - It's stealing and it's against the law.
Shopping - It's shopping-whether you buy something or not.
Shrimp - Tiny to jumbo- they come in all sizes.
Sisters - Sister, sister! 
Skateboards - "Skateboarding is not a crime!" 
Skeletons - There are 206 bones in the human body. Count them!
Skinned Knees - Ouch! Ouch! OUCH! 
Sleepovers - If you don't sleep, is it still a sleepover? 
Sneezing - Ah-ah-ah-choo! 
Snow Cones - You don't have to wait for snow. 
Snowboarding - Snowboarding was declared an official Olympic sport in 1994.
Snowflakes - They say each one is different, but who would know?
Soldiers - Men and women who serve in the military. 
Sparklers - They're still fireworks!
Spelling Bees - Spelling contests. They have nothing to do with bees. 
Spider-Man - He's a student. He's a superhuman crime fighter. He's Spider-Man!
Spinach - Raw or cooked- it's full of vitamins.
Square Dancing - "Swing your partner!"
Starfish - A star-shaped sea creature with five or more arms. If one breaks off, another arm will grow. 
Stomach Ache - You ate the whole thing?
Strawberries - Strawberry shortcake!
Substitute Teachers - "Ms. Jones lets us eat candy and get drinks whenever we want!"
Sugar - "Sugar is sweet and so are you."
Sunburns - Next time, use some sunscreen. 
Sunken Ships - Early ships would often sink in battles or bad weather.
Superman - Faster than a speeding bullet! 
Supermarkets - It's a meat market, bakery, flower shop, and toy store- all in one!
Surfing - The waves or the web.
Surprise Parties - Everybody hide!
Swamps - Wet, spongy land, often covered with water. A great place to live- if you're a mosquito.
Swans - The "Ugly Duckling" was actually a baby swan.
Swordfighting - As a sport, sword fighting is called "Fencing." It is an Olympic event.
Tacos - Meat, cheese, and hot sauce all wrapped up in a tortilla.
Taking A Shower - That'll wake you up.
Tattoos - Tattoos can be painful. Temporary tatoos don't hurt at all.
Teachers - "What do you mean, you didn't know there was a test today?" 
Teenagers - Ages thirteen to nineteen. 
Teeth - Adults have 32 permanent teeth. 
Television - If you get your homework done...
Telling Scary Stories - "It was a dark and stormy night . . ." 
Tents - A pup tent will hold one or two people, but a circus tent can hold hundreds. 
Texas - Famous for oil wells, barbecues, and cowboys. The capital of Texas is Austin.
Thanksgiving Day - A harvest festival celebrated on the fourth Thursday in November in the U.S. 
The Baby-Sitters Club - This series of books, written by Ann M. Martin, is a favorite of girls, world-wide.
The Beach - Sun, surf, and sand. 
The Chicken Dance - You put your hands in your armpits...
The Earth - Third planet from the sun. Home to Earthlings. 
The Last Day Of School - Almost as good as a birthday! 
The Library - Books, magazines, newspapers, tapes, and computers. SHHHH! 
The Lunchroom - What's for lunch?
The Mall - Great place to shop and meet friends. 
The Moon - There's a new moon and there's a full moon, and sometimes there's a man in the moon. 
The Ocean - Almost three-fourths of the Earth's surface is covered by the four oceans. 
The Police - They keep order and arrest those who break the law. 
The President - A U.S. president must be at least 35 years old and a natural born citizen. 
The Statue Of Liberty - "Lady Liberty" was a gift to the U.S. from the people of France.
Thunder - A booming sound wave created by the heat from lightning. 
Tightrope Walking - If you get really good, you can join the circus.
Toasted Marshmallows - Add chocolate and graham crackers and you'll wish you had s'more. 
Toenails - A horse's foot is actually a toe. The hoof is a toenail. 
Tomato Soup - Good with cheese sandwiches. 
Tooth Fairy - Who knows what they do with all those baby teeth. 
Toothpaste - Brush and spit!
Toy Poodles - They are less than ten inches tall, from their shoulders to the floor.
Training Wheels - It's a four-wheeler.
Trees - Some redwood trees in California are over 300 feet tall and thousands of years old. 
Truck Drivers - See the country- or at least see the highways.
Tulips - A sign of spring!
Turkeys - Large birds raised for food. Popular at Thanksgiving. 
Umbrellas - "Rain, rain, go away, come again another day."
Underwear - Keep it clean!
Unicorns - Imaginary horse-like animals. A long, pointed horn grown from the middle of their foreheads. 
United States - It's about 2,500 miles, from sea to shining sea.
Vacuum Cleaners - It's a dirty job!
Valentine's Day - Will you be my Valentine? 
Vanilla Pudding - Now available frozen, on a stick. 
Video Games - I told you ten hours a day was too much! 
Volleyball - Spike it! 
Waffles - Like pancakes with built-in syrup cups.
Walking The Dog - It's good exercise. 
Warts - Small, hard lumps that grow on the skin. Anyone can get them, not just witches. 
Washington, DC - City named after George Washington, it's the capital of the United States.
Watching Cartoons - Not just for kids.
Watching Football - Isn't it more fun to PLAY football? 
Water - Pure water has no color, taste or smell. So, if it smells funny, don't drink it. 
Water Baloons - I'll fill them and you tie them.
Water Guns - Don't take them to school! 
Water Skiing - Try it on one ski. 
Waterparks - Wet and wild! 
Whipped Cream - Sweet and fluffy! 
White Bread - Plain and simple.
Winning A Trophy - Congratulations! 
Winter - The coldest season of the year. 
Wishbone - Star of television and over 50 books. Wishbone is a Jack Russell terrier. 
Woodpeckers - They find insects to eat by pecking holes in wood with their beaks.
Woolly Mammoth - These large hairy elephants are now extinct.
Wrestling - A sport where two people try to force each other to the ground. No hitting allowed. 
Writing A Letter - Dear Mom, How are you? I am fine. 
Zebras - The stripes on each zebra are in a slightly different pattern.
Zippers - Faster than buttons.